Hey, good morning family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me today.
Well, I just wanted to say thank you. A
dear sister sent this to me for my
birthday, and it was really cool.
When I get something I
really like like this, I told Braden, I
said, "I'm going to tell them thank you for
it."I
like blankets. This is really
special. You know, my birthday
is
really close to the fourth, and so she
said, "I made..."I don't know if she made
it—I
believe she made it—but she got this
for me for my birthday present. And I
just thought I would share it with you
and just tell her thank you. Isn't that
neat?
That was pretty cool and pretty
special. I said, "Hey, that was really
nice of her."But then somebody
sent Braden a drone, and he wanted to say
personally, "Thank you for that."Yes, I
just want to say thank you for this
drone. It's DJI, too. I just
love stuff like this. So, yeah. He was
so excited. Somebody sent this to him in
the mail, and he's
been playing with it. Oh, yeah, it has a
gimbal, and the gimbals make the
footage steady. So, yeah, that's what
that is. It's
a
very nice drone. So, we
just got these two things today, and I
just wanted to say thank you. Braden was
excited about the drone, and he said,
"Hey, Dad, I want to tell them thank
you."It
was a young couple. They said
they played with it with their dog. With
their dog, yes. And it came with
ND filters over it.
They
took good care of it. It's nice.
So, it's a blessing. And he
just wanted to come on and just say
thank you to the young lady
that sent it to him. And I said, "Look
at that, B. You got you a drone."And it
goes way high. He said, "I
can't send it any
higher. It says, 'Unless I register it,
I can't go any higher,'"because we wanted to
see how high we could see. So, we
were
flying around, and Diana was in the
garage, and he took it over the house and
was turning around looking. He
was making it look like he was waving at
her. So, thank you so much. Yeah, I
could use it for the tribulation, too,
because
we used to go to the temple, you
know, like go around it, you know. So, I
was like, "Hey, yeah, I could like fly
this around and put the screens on it,
you know, myself,"because I used to have to
use other people's footage, so I
never had a drone. So, I love it.
Thank you. Yeah, he works really hard,
and it was really a nice gift, and I just
wanted to honor the person who did it
and just say thank you. Braden was
excited. All right. Well, hey, you never
see him. He's always behind the camera
hiding out over here praying with me,
but he said, "I've got to tell
them thank you because it's very
expensive, you know."And he's like,
"You know, I just want to be able
to honor people when they honor me,
Daddy."And
I said, "Okay, let's do it.
Let's do it."So, and she gave a
blanket to Megan, too, with a smiley
face on it. And I thought that was
really a blessing. Smiley face blanket
for
Megan. So, yeah, we got some
treasures today. I just said, "Wasn't
that neat?"All in the same day. Got a
really cool blanket for my birthday, and
I got a drone for my son, and a
smiley face blanket for
Megan. And you know, people are kind.
People are really kind. I said, "Look at
this stuff. We get these little
toys and stuff, you
know."So,
just being kind to us, I
appreciate that a lot. Well,
Donne
Clement, Kim Clement's
daughter, reached out to us and said,
"Hey, my dad had a word that was
similar to the word that you gave about
the weapon that has never been seen
before."And
she said, "I want to send
it to you through X or
whatever,"and
it was a text message, and she
said, "I want to show you what my dad
prophesied."Well,
I had no idea. This
was amazing, folks. When you have two
different voices that don't even know
each other hearing the Spirit
of the Lord warning you about a new
weapon, a new weapon that we've never
seen before, bigger, bigger... Like, you
know, I want to say this, nuclear
weapons are a thing of the past. And
that may sound really—well, boy,
Brandon, I don't know about
that—but
I'm telling you all,
technological advancements
have surpassed nuclear energy, nuclear.
I'm telling you, we're on the verge of a
new industrial revolution. And these new
weapons, new things that we've never
seen before that will become public,
they've been working on behind closed
doors for probably decades. Who knows?
They gradually come out now. AI and the
things I've told you about AI...
Did you see Mission Impossible, Tom
Cruise,
and all that? My goodness, folks.
AI and all the stuff I told you is
coming, they're talking about in
Hollywood—they
try to desensitize you.
"Hey, you know, AI is going to take
over and become the superpower and all
this stuff, and we got a Mission
Impossible to stop it."I just think it's
very interesting. So, going back to what
Kim Clement said about this
weapon, he said he saw it in the woods.
Now, I don't know if Poland has woods,
but the Lord showed me it went out of
Russia and came across and struck right
there on the border right there by
Warsaw and that area. Okay? And when it
did, it made a humongous blast zone, and
it went straight up, and it looked like a
mushroom cloud. And that's when I
stopped and I said, "Lord, are
they
going to nuke them?"I said, "Are they
going to nuke these
people?"And
the Lord said, "No,
this is a weapon, Braden, that you've
never seen before. No one has ever seen
this. It's never been used on the
planet before. This is new
technological
advancements."So
when you hear what Kim says—and I'm
about to play the little bit of the word
so you can hear what he says, because
it's really awesome whenever you have
another... I had a confirmation that we're
on the right road praying
together. We're on the right road,
folks. And, you know, when you have
confirmation, and Donne sent it,
and I was like, "You know, Lord, thank you.
It's always a pat on the back
to
say, 'Hey, guys, we're doing it.
Prayer changes things. Let's pray into
this and pray more
and stop these things.'"I believe there
are
certain things, you know, mass
casualties... The Lord showed me it was
like a 50-mile blast zone. Huge blast
zone. This was not like a normal little
area. This was big. And I know 50
miles
seems like a lot, folks. That's a big
area, but I'm just saying it was a
massive blast zone. Maybe it was 10
miles, but I'm just saying it looked
huge for what I saw. And everything
around it, the people were gone,
and the buildings still existed. And I
thought, "That is crazy,"you know, the
things I see when I'm praying. So,
and the Lord warned me, and
he said, "Brandon, they don't want to
use nuclear weapons because you can't
inhabit the area after you do this.
You have to have gas masks,
bodysuits,
and everything else because of radiation
fallout, you know."So, like I said,
nuclear energy, nuclear fusion, nuclear
things are going to become a thing of
the past with this new AI industrial
revolution. We will see energy that we
never knew existed in the days ahead
through mathematical equations similar
to Einstein. But we have a computer
being the Einstein. Do you understand?
And it's going to be with this
Hadron
collider and the God particle
and all these things that are going on
with CERN. I'm telling you all,
technological advancements beyond your
wildest expectations are coming in the
days ahead. And it's not going to be,
"Well, we saw a little something in
2020."I'm
talking about it's going to be like
dominoes. We're going to hear it all the
time. "Here's some stuff to heal
diabetes. Here's some stuff to heal
cancer. Here's, you know,
whatever."It's
going to be everywhere all the time.
Alzheimer's is no more. Dementia is no
more. And that's what's going to get you
to trust it. Living in this time is
pretty wild, isn't it? Don't you all
think it's pretty wild? You know, we see
all the things we're seeing. Some
folks never thought we'd still be here,
that the rapture of the church would
have taken place way before this. But
we're seeing more than what a lot of
people thought we would see. In other
words, we haven't had our revival
yet. We haven't had the great harvest of
souls. And some people say, "Well,
that's not biblical, Brandon. It's
not in the word to have a major
harvest of souls before the rapture of
the
church. It's during and after the
rapture of the church that everybody's freaking
out and everybody runs to
Jesus."I'm
not denying, folks, that people are going
to freak out and want to come find
Jesus. But if you remember what I told
you,
when I went to the Tribulation with the
Father and He took me out of my body in
an out-of-body
experience, I saw many
groups of Christians that knew what had
happened that had been left behind, that
did not keep their lamps full of oil,
that were lukewarm. They were not filled
with or controlled by the Holy Ghost at all.
They were living a compromising life, and
they got left. And I'm telling you, they
were mad. Oh, they were so mad. And when
this happened, they were ready to string
up those preachers. I'm talking
hang them right there. It was bad. They
were ready to hang those preachers for
not preaching more fiery words. They
blamed them. Instead of blaming
themselves for being lukewarm, they
blamed their preachers, the preachers
who were left here. And I told you, I
saw certain preachers that were here
that have been on television. And I'm
telling you all, these men
were preaching to millions and millions of
people on a weekly basis. So
if I told
you their names of who I saw, which I'm
never going to do—if I told you their
names who were here, you would
go, "Oh my
gosh."Seriously,
I still see them and I watch, and I
always tell—because my son knows and
my wife—and we go,
"Turn the channel quick."I'm not going to
let them feed me because I know who's here,
parts of the people out of
that little vision of what the Lord
showed me, whatever this was. I want to
play the clip for you and I think
it'll bless you. So
we'll be right back after this. I
suddenly became aware of danger and it
seemed like there were signs of war.
What frightened me was that there was talk
of a destructive weapon and I heard
this: "They're looking in the wrong
place. It's hidden."And so, it's
like I was catapulted hundreds of feet
into the air and I was above a large
forest.
Now, I think some of you even heard me
say that. And I
was hovering above this massive forest.
The color seemed dusty with hints of
yellow and
mustard—it's
like mustard or
yellow. It didn't seem like a normal
forest. And this country contains
something extremely dangerous. I was
aware of the fact that as a prophet in
this age, I was in a similar position as
Elisha was when he started seeing and
hearing the plans of the enemy. I became
aware of extreme heat and danger.
My body was overwhelmed by
what
was like radiance and fire, and fear
struck me for the first time. And
that's when I said, "It's okay. It's
okay,"because
I was
trying to tell somebody that was in
this vision. But fear struck me for the
first time. Was this nuclear? Was this
atomic? Was this what I
was feeling?
Was I interceding on behalf of Israel
and America? I believe I was, first of
all. But at that point there were
multiple visions
and a question seemed to arise
constantly: Armageddon, the slaughter of
humanity,
an atomic war no one wanted but which no
one had the wisdom to avoid. Now I need
to say that to you again and I want you
to listen to it because this is what I
heard: Armageddon,
the slaughter of humanity, an atomic war
no one wanted but which no one had the
wisdom to avoid.
What were we to pray for? For wisdom
and the Spirit of the Lord. Then that's
when He was showing me this weapon that
nobody knows about or perhaps
they are ignoring because, at that point,
for those that have watched the
vision and watched me in the
spirit, I said, "It's okay. It's okay. It's
okay."The
vision of wickedness and impending
danger is due to some device hidden in a
place unknown to the present
intelligence—that's
what I have to
tell you—and maybe even ignored.
In other words, "Oh, that's not
important."This
weapon is in a human
mind. And the weapon that is in this
human mind came to me when I saw some
alphabetical letters. I saw some
letters.
At first, I thought it was A to Z. Now,
this is a puzzle to me right now. But
God almost said to me, "Focus on this
so that the mystery can be
unfolded."The
letters were A and Q.
That's all I saw. And He said, "That's
where it's at."Then I saw Russia. I saw
Pakistan.
And I saw a connection. That's all I saw
there. And I remember that, but I didn't
say it. That's important for you to take
note of. Go out there and research.
Diana
is going to as well. The vision
of fire and water. Now I was absolutely
surrounded by evil and I felt as Daniel
did praying for his people. Now let me
just tell you what Daniel said.
He said, "While I was praying, the man
Gabriel"—and
remember Gabriel is one of
the most powerful angels whom I'd seen
in the vision at the beginning being
caused to fly swiftly. Now you think
about God and time. Why would God need
an angel to move rapidly?
Because, see, men have power to control
things that happen on the earth because
God put man on the earth. So when things
happen, they can
slow it down or they can hasten it. And
so the angel was caused to fly
swiftly. That's what Daniel says. And it
reached me about the time of the evening
offering. And I want you to get this
because so few people realize
and understand the power of the evening
offering
because he says the angel arrived
and got to me about the time of the
evening offering.
Russia
was yielding from her... Now Russia would
yield. Now I wasn't sure what that meant
but I saw ashes, ashes, and ashes.
And then suddenly out of the ashes arose
a charmer, a man, a serpent in a man
with seducing power as I'd not ever seen
before. Keep your eye on Russia. Watch
what happens. Wasn't that
amazing? So Kim Clement saw something
that was just pretty radical, wasn't it?
You know, and his worship—doesn't his
worship just bless you? When he plays
the piano and everything, it blesses me.
I can sit down and hear the mountain
of the Lord and just sit there and just
weep. I just love it. I told Diana, I
said, "It's one of my favorite
songs."I
loved it. I don't know if he wrote that
song or not. I'm sure he did, but it
really blessed me. It still does. I
listen to it probably once or twice a
week. You know, the Lord warned me and
He said, "Brandon, when a general in
battle dies in the battle and the
war is not over, it doesn't mean that
their job is complete. It means
they're passing the baton on to somebody
else now, that another general comes up
to take it."And He said, "Run with it.
Run with this. Pray, Brandon. Pray. Call
the people to prayer for it's time to
pray."And
I said, "Lord, I'll do
this."And
when the Lord told me, He said the
same thing with John Paul Jackson. These
men, He said, it's time. They pass the
baton. It's passing of the baton. And
it's time for the new Davids to rise up
and take the baton and do what God's
called us to do. And let's finish this
race. Let's finish this race.
And I believe, with this
prayer channel and what we're doing
throughout the whole world praying,
whenever the Lord warned me
about Mel Gibson,
Braden's been researching everything and
he said, "Did you know he was on Joe
Rogan, Dad?"And I said, "No, he was
talking about trying to do a new movie,
and he's been under a lot of
attack."And
I said, "No way."So he
played the little clip for me,
talking about the Passion of the Christ.
He got a lot of persecution, and he just
started filming the second movie,
Passion of
the
Christ 2, and
he said he's going to start filming it
in 2025.
So, folks, it's amazing what
the Lord shows me, and he tells me, 'You
need to pray for Mel Gibson
as a corporate body. Intercede for him,
for his movie that he's producing will
be a major tool in the days ahead for an
end-time
revival. It's going to fan
people's flame for the actors and for
the funding for all of it.'He said,
'Intercede for him for
creative ideas, for him to hear my
voice, to know what to do to produce
this and not have the demonic pressure
back him a little.'And I said, "Yes,
Father, we'll do it."So, we're going to
pray for Mel Gibson right now. We're
going to intercede for him that he would
have the funding, he would have
whatever. I don't understand everything.
All I know is that the Lord said, "Pray
for him because he was coming
under
demonic pressure."I don't know if it's
from the Hollywood elite,
the Illuminati, the weird
people, or if it is just
straight-up
satanic. I don't know. But all I know is
if God's calling you to pray for it,
that means he has a plan. And
we're bringing down the angels.
We're going to call forth the angels.
We're going to intercede for him. And
this is going to change for Mel Gibson
today. He's going to get some
relief, get some pressure off his
shoulders so he can finish this. I'm
telling you, I saw theaters
packed full of people, and when they
watched this movie, What's Coming, I saw
them weeping with the glory in the
theaters.
And that last prayer service we did, I
saw them weeping under the presence
of God. And when this happens, I saw
people being healed. I saw people being
delivered in the middle of a movie
theater.
And I thought, 'That's why sometimes I
say, Lord, I believe. Help my unbelief,
you know, watching a movie.
Wow.'And,
you know, watching The Chosen—we love
to watch
The Chosen
with the
kids—it's
awesome. The new
season just came out where we could
watch it. We watched the last one, the
first video, Palm
Sunday and stuff, and wow. I
just go, "Wow, Lord."You know, the
thunder in the sky, it
was
just amazing. I just go, "Oh my God, I
love the supernatural. I just go to be
at the feet of Jesus. He's our
friend."Oh,
Father,
I'm so thankful for all that you've
done. And I'm so thankful for people
rising up in these last days and doing
TV series, and Mel Gibson doing this.
I don't know what the movie will be
like, folks, but that's why we've got to
pray for him because of what the Lord
said: 'I'm going to use that movie,
Brandon. I'm going to use a
movie.'And
I'm telling you all, folks, it's
time to get excited because God has a
plan that's bigger than what you
can comprehend. This is going to be
huge, right? So let's just believe God
that there's an anointing on this movie,
and let's pray for whatever else
the Lord has for us. We're praying for
the riots to stop in LA. You know,
obnoxious. You've got the people
that jumped the border illegally, did
all these things, and now they're upset
because ICE is trying to take them home,
and now
they're going to burn down the cities.
It's like, 'Okay, well, that's real
smart. Burn our country
up.'So
people just don't—I mean,
there's such a reprobate mind on folks
and you just go, "Are you kidding me?
We don't have time for
this."So
let's pray right now together, and
let's just seek him and let's go to his
throne and ask him, Father, if
he—I
believe he has something to show us
today, and we're going to pray for Mel
Gibson and we're going to do the things
we need to do. Okay.
Father, we just thank you. We
take this body in the name of Jesus and
we lift it up before you.
We thank you, Father, that you were
wounded for our transgressions, you were
bruised for our iniquities, the
chastisement of our peace was upon you,
and with your stripes, we're healed. And
we take this body in the mighty name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, that no
sickness, no disease comes nigh. We take
the body and we lift it up before you,
Father. And we thank you, Lord, that
we're redeemed from the curse of the
law. According to Galatians, Christ
has redeemed us from the curse of the
law. And we just want to say thank you,
Father, for all that you've done and all
that you're going to do in the mighty
name of Jesus.
Aren't you excited about what he did for
us? We see what the word of God says,
ladies and gentlemen, of all of the Old
Testament and how much they had to go
through on a daily basis. And Jesus made
it so easy for every single one of us.
We make it hard. Jesus paid the price
for you to walk in victory. My wife
said, "Brandon, a lot of people don't
want to take the time to read the
Old Testament."You know, a lot of it
seems kind of boring,
but she said she's just
been really studying it with me, and
she's reading to me the old prophetic
men, what they went
through, and just encouraging me, and the
pressure of their ministry, of
their calling, of what God had called
them to do. One had to lay on his
side for 300 and some days, and then he
had to lay on the other side for some
days
and eat eight ounces of bread, Ezekiel
bread. And I was just like, "Wow.
Wow."And
cook it over poop.
Just the stuff the Lord—I just
go, "God, you're such a good
God."But
wow, some of these men had it
hard. Just having the covenant from
Jesus and what he did for us.
When she reads all the stories and
we go over it together and
just really study the word of God, wow,
we are so blessed.
We are so blessed to have this.
Do not take it for granted what Jesus
did for you.
It was a very expensive, high price that
he paid for every single one of us to
walk in victory.
It's not just a wafer. It's not just
grape juice. It's not just unleavened
bread. It's not just wine.
Jesus Christ paid
the price for you to walk in victory
from the Old Testament.
We don't ignore it. But thank God that
it says in Galatians,
Christ has redeemed you and me from the
curse of the law. Glory to God! He
became sickness. He became poverty. He
became sin. He took it all for us
to walk in victory over all of it. And
we don't have to kill a goat or a lamb.
The goat and the lamb population,
the fatted calves, they're all so thankful
right now. Even for Jesus, what he did
for us. Every single—even nature is going,
"Thank you. Thank you for doing what
you did for us."Do you see that?
He even cares about it. And I'm just
saying, folks, it's that big. It's that
big, every single area.
Jesus paid the price.
Thank you, Father.
And Father, I just thank you for this.
And I take the body and I honor
you for all that you've done and all
that you're going to do. And I thank
you, Lord. By your stripes, we're
healed. Amen and amen.
Lord, thank you
for the blood.
Thank you for the blood,
Lord. I apply the blood over my mind,
all the way down to the
soles of my feet. The top of my head,
the soles of my feet, I apply the blood.
I plead the blood over every cell of my
body. No sickness, no disease, no
cancers, no diabetes, no heart disease,
nothing comes nigh us. We thank you,
Lord, that you've redeemed us from the
curse. I thank you, Lord, that every
tongue that rises against me, Father, is
condemned.
No weapon formed against me, my wife, my
children will prosper; over my finances,
over my house, over my dogs, whatever,
Father, no weapon formed against me,
even my vehicle, will prosper. Not one
weapon.
And every tongue that rises against me,
Father, you said we condemn it.
We condemn it. It falls to the ground.
It will not bear fruit in my life.
Father, I thank you, Lord. We bless
those that try to hurt us and
harm us. Father, we bless them. We pray
for them. We thank you, Lord, that you
said you provide for angels to protect
us. And they bear us up in their hands
lest we dash our foot against a stone.
And Father, I send the angels out right
now from the north, the south, the east,
the west
to protect my wife, my children, and
me.
I thank you, Lord, that your angels are
watching over us. I thank you, Lord,
there's a bloodline around our
property. There's a bloodline around us,
Father. I thank you, Lord. There's a
bloodline around our car when we drive.
There's a bloodline around us when we
go into the grocery store. A thousand
shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our
right hand, but nothing shall come nigh
us. You have to believe it. Psalms 91,
Psalms 23, we are walking in that place
of provision. Father, we call for
finances from the north, the south, the
east, the west to overflow us, Father,
that there's more than enough to do what
God's called us to do in
Jesus'name.
You speak to your finances. I thank you,
Father, that whatever we put our hands
to will prosper today. We plead the
blood over what we put our hands to.
Thank you, Lord, Father, that when
we touch it, we're blessed, Father,
because you dwell in us. We
look to you for all
our provision, for you are our great
provider and you will provide for us.
You are Jehovah Jireh. Do you believe
that today, ladies and gentlemen, that
Jesus Christ paid the price for you to
even walk in victory over finances?
You don't have to be poor. You don't
have to be struggling.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in
victory. And Father, I thank you, Lord,
that your gospel is an abundant,
overflowing gospel, exceedingly
abundantly above all that we dare ask or
think, gospel. It's not going, 'Well,
you know, God just barely made it, so we
could barely get by with the skin of our
teeth.'No.
No.
Father, I thank you for the blood. I
plead the blood over all our sins, over
everything we've done. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that your blood washes it
over. It's gone. You don't even remember
it anymore. Thank you, Father, that you
covered us. Thank you, Lord, that we
enter into your throne room boldly, into
that courtroom today. And we thank you,
Lord, that we're sitting in the
courtroom and we take great pleasure in
doing what we're called to do, Lord. For
you said, 'The willing and obedient will
eat the good of the land.'And we're
willing and obedient. We're excited. We
take the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Hallelujah. So, Father, we just lift up
Mel Gibson before you right now. You've
had him on my heart today.
And I just cover him in the blood.
I cover Mel Gibson in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Father, that all the
supporting actors, the actresses, the
main actors, all of it, Father, they
are covered.
Let the glory fall on him
as he's making this film for you,
Father. As he's making the film, though,
it's a call. This is a purpose, for I see
deep into it. Oh, I see by the Spirit of
the Lord. I see into this, Father, that
he will finish his race and finish it
strong, uninterrupted and unhindered by
any satanic or demonic spirit. We thank
you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord
are camping around the movie set in
Jesus'name.
We cover him from the top of his head to
the soles of his feet, that he has wisdom
and that the Holy Spirit would flow, and
that there would not be a demonic dam
trying to come against him in the name
of Jesus. For where the Spirit of
the Lord is, there is liberty.
And when the enemy tries to come in,
Father, like a flood, the Spirit of the
Lord raises a standard against him. You
said that there would be many souls,
there would be many healings, many
deliverances in these movie theaters
when this movie plays, whatever they
show on it. Now, Father, I thank you,
Lord, that your will will be done. It
will be a mighty, moving, rushing wind in
the mighty name of Jesus.
That they would
stick,
they would stay to the word
and not deviate far off the word.
Visit him in the midnight hour, oh
God. Visit him in the midnight hour, oh
God.
Satan, stop your maneuvering against the
man in the name of Jesus. And all your
demonic spirits trying to disrupt
the flow of the Spirit when it comes to
this movie set. We call forth your
angels right now. We call forth the
angels right now. Let the Spirit of the
Lord be on the movie set. Let the Spirit
of the Lord, that it be like none
other, any other movie that we've ever
seen before,
more than Charlton Heston with the Ten
Commandments, more than the first one.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, whatever
this movie is about, God, it will be a
mighty, moving, rushing wind, a mighty,
moving, rushing wind, a glory of the
Lord, a glory
that will be seen in Australia. It will
be seen in Europe. It will be seen in
the Middle East. It will be seen in
Asia. Father, I thank you, Lord, that it
would be a movie that would be spread
so far and wide, and it would be the
biggest-grossing
box office blockbuster
ever in history, showing the people
that we want to see good, godly movies
instead of the filth they try to put
before us.
Thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord,
that you undergird him. Thank you,
Lord, that this will not be a big
letdown
that we're praying for something. We
thank you, Lord, that this will be what
you said it will be: a stirring in the
people in the audience, a
stirring in the people in the audience.
Oh,
we turn it. We turn it. We turn it. We
turn it. We turn it. Influence it,
that he would have all the funding that
he would need.
I see $50 million.
I see the number five zero. I saw it's $50
million.
Yeah, we hit it. It is definitely
something about that. I hit it when I
hit it.
What is that? 50 million. 50 million. 50
million.
I see these boulders that are coming
down. I see boulders that are stacked
up.
Every obstacle, every barrier,
everything that's standing in the way,
we call forth those boulders to come
down in the name of Jesus. We're calling
those boulders down in the name of
Jesus.
They're gold, and they're not
gold. They're silver-looking. They're
like boulders, but there's white on
them. And it looks like they're
like
almost
marbled-looking
boulders, and they're all round, and
they're all stacked, like
whenever you make a pile of them
and it's in a path, and it's trying to
block
the path. And I'm seeing the
path being removed. I'm seeing them
being removed from the path right now.
I'm seeing them being removed from the
path right now. Oh.
Okay, now
I see that demonic spirit of
witchcraft coming against him from the
Hollywood
elites. You hear it?
They know he's doing the video.
They know he's doing it. They know
he's doing it. I see it. But they're
coming against him, and there's
covens
of them. There's
covens.
Greater is he that is in us than he
that is in the world. Greater is he that
is in us than he that is in the world,
that your will be done.
This is part of the great harvest.
They're coming for a movie, but they're
going to have an
experience, they're going to have an
experience
in the experience of the movie. You hear,
they're going to have an experience with
me. He says, as they
are
coming to experience the movie,
but I see the presence of the Lord.
He's going after the youth. He's going
after the youth. He's going after the
youth.
I'm seeing 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20s,
and then it goes up into the 30s.
I'm
keeping it PG-13 at least, and I'm
seeing even a battle with the
R-rating
with this. A battle with the
like Cosa Nostra. They're like the
Hollywood people. You see evil men
trying to say this is, and it's not. This
is
coming against the
rating of the film. You see,
what would be in
it, actually?
Who gives ratings?
There
are
decisions that have to be made.
What direction do you want to go with
this? Do you
want to be more authentic?
Being more authentic in the spirit. I
hear, 'being more authentic,'or taming it
down
to grab them.
Oh,
the Lord said we're
shifting now. I'm praying over something
else.
We prayed over this, now we're going to
shift. It's going to shift. We're going
to shift.
Okay, I see it now. Now
I see strategic cities. Chicago,
I'm seeing Chicago,
I'm seeing Dallas.
I'm seeing
rioting with Antifa, more planned
disruptions
across America. Seattle, I'm seeing
Seattle with my eyes open. I see
Seattle
with more disruptions with
this
ICE, the border stuff
uprising.
Baltimore, I see the
Ravens—Baltimore
protests,
Miami, I see the word
Miami.
Oh, now I'm seeing the 14th.
I see Washington, D.C.
I see disruptions. Pray against
the disruptions.
I see Kansas City. I see
Denver.
The people trying to do uprisings, mimicking
a
similar event like
in California,
like trying to do L.A. again, trying to
uprise in other cities—the same thing.
Evil men plotting, trying to stir up
strife and discord.
And we call peace, peace, peace. We
speak peace in the name of Jesus, peace
over these cities.
You must intercede for the
parade, the military parade.
You must intercede for the military
parade.
I see
tight security all around,
very tight security. There are
real
checkpoints. There
is
very tight security.
We pray protection around Trump. We pray
protection around J.D. Vance. We
say protection around the kids, around
Don Jr. and the kids. We call protection
over the family. Any family that's
showing up, we call protection over his
grandkids.
We call a hedge of protection over them
in the name of Jesus. We call protection
around every person that's attending and
spectating the parade. We
call a hedge of protection around every
single one of them.
It'll be a time of fun, no
drama, no planned attacks,
nothing.
Oh,
what's interesting in this
vision that I see is multiple
protests going on at once throughout
America
at
the same time, almost like an uprising,
kind of like civil
unrest. I'm telling you, martial law
is
coming to some places.
We're stopping this. We're going to stop
this.
Agree with me, we're going to stop this.
These uprisings in each one of
these cities, we won't even hear
about it. It's
going to be a couple of people just
talking, signs picketing, doing
things like that, but none of this
rioting stuff, burning buildings and
doing all this.
And this goes clear up into the
Fourth, for another two, three
weeks—this
week, next week,
and the next week. And then the fourth
week,
the Fourth of July is coming right
behind it.
I
see the weeks.
Oh,
I just heard the Lord say, 'This
is a prayer
assignment.'This
is a prayer assignment going
on
until after the Fourth of July.
I see many plots and many plans
going until after the Fourth of July. We
must pray a prayer of protection over
this nation from now until after the
Fourth
of July.
God bless America,
land that I love,
stand beside her
and guide her.
It's like I can't get my tongues out
fast enough for what I'm seeing. It
is
so big to pray
over in the spirit; it is like my
mouth cannot utter the tongue enough to
pray for what I'm seeing,
and that doesn't happen very often.
This is like groanings that cannot be
uttered.
Do you hear me? This is like groanings
that cannot be uttered. This is deep.
This is more than just
touching this a little bit with a
surface prayer. This is deep. The root
is deep. And
I see very dark men within, but these
men have money.
These are not
people that have come across the border;
they're deep men within.
God bless America.
How do you eat an elephant? One bite at
a time.
Whenever something is so big in front of
me like that,
you do. How do you do it? One bite at a
time. You take like a
pinprick
and you just keep going here, and
you don't worry about all this. It's so
much. You just do it by the Spirit of
God and you pray into it. You see,
because I can't focus on so
many things. I'm going to attack it
by the spirit of how the Holy
Spirit tells me to attack it with y'all,
because many hands make light
work. Does that make sense? So we're
all doing it together and we're moving
together in this.
I'm in Las Vegas, Nevada.
I'm on the Strip again.
It went clear from there to the
ocean, and I see
a major hurricane brewing. I see a
major hurricane.
This is manipulated.
Weather modification
again and again and again and
again.
So
watch Cuba.
I hear it.
Watch Cuba.
What is up with the Black Panther?
Today,
launch out into the deep.
It's all very strange. Lord,
we're
in
the
deep,
deep.
Significant change.
So
something
major
is
coming
now. Now it's coming for me. September.
I see on that hurricane
a
very tight, defined eye.
I saw a very tight, defined eye, very
defined.
It wasn't just like a, you know, big
wide
eye. It was very skinny and small
and very pronounced and very
thick. So that means, I believe, it was a
very strong hurricane.
I'm still seeing about the
earthquakes in
Oregon.
The volcanoes are about to erupt.
Signs and wonders, signs in the earth.
I'm hearing it. 'Signs, Brandon,
signs.'This
will not be prayed. I see
it.
We praise you, Father. We thank you,
Lord, for protecting our president.
Thank you, Lord, for protecting and
exposing all
darkness. Every plot, every plan, come to
the surface. Every plot, every plan, come
to the surface so that we see it, they'll
expose it and get rid of it. We thank
you, Lord, for our CIA, Homeland Security,
Father, for all our military. We pray a
hedge of protection over every single
one of them,
that the enemy within is exposed.
Thank you, Jesus, that you're coming
soon.
We thank you, Lord, that all these
things we ask in your Son's name. I see
New York.
I see in New York
the big fireworks show.
We pray a protection over the
Macy's fireworks show, that big
fireworks show.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that all
those people are not in harm's way.
Thank you, Lord, for protection over
them. We thank you, Lord, your angels
are watching over them, that it'd be a
great celebration with no interruptions
from any kind of hurts.
Thank you, Father, over Washington, over
all these areas. Protection in
Jesus'name,
without a hitch in
Jesus'name.
We uncover the bombs today. We
uncover the bombs. We uncover the bombs.
We uncover the bombs. We uncover the
bombs.
We pray over the
railroads—freights,
boxcars,
derailments,
bigger than that.
I see Santa Fe.
What is that? Santa Fe.
Lobato
Railroad.
My map,
see.
Lord, we thank You, Lord, for Your
protection. We thank You, Lord, for Your
divine protection. We give You all the
glory, honor, and praise, Father, for
all that You've done in this prayer
session. Thank you, Lord, that there's
more work to be done, but we eat an
elephant one bite at a time. You said,
'Eat an elephant, Brandon, one bite at a
time.'You
don't go, 'Oh, no, I got to
fix everything.'You just do one thing at
a time. Pray as He tells you to. Pray as
He tells you to.
Take your care out of your prayer. We're
not worried about any of this. We're not
taking the care of it. We take the care
out of our prayer. All these terror
attack things, all this
Antifa—Jesus
has a plan, and
we're praying out the plan.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that it's done. Thank
you, Lord, that we have won. We've got
the victory. We have the victory. We
have the victory. Hallelujah. We've got
the victory. Everything is going to be
all right. Everything is going to be all
right.
Thank you, Lord. Well, praise the Lord,
ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for
being with me today.
We're going to do it one at a time. We
got work to do, clear out to the 4th of
July.
Okay.
Hallelujah.
We've got the victory. We've got the
victory. We've got the victory.
Hallelujah.
We've got the victory over this. We've
got the victory over the parade.
We
got the victory over
Antifa.
We got the
victory. We've got the victory. Every
plot, every plan of the wicked is being
uncovered.
What I saw about Santa Fe was I saw an
old railroad car that said Santa Fe on
it.
And in it, it was red and it was white.
And I saw Santa Fe. And it looked
almost like a cross. It
looked similar to a cross on this
Santa Fe, on this red railroad car. And
there was a bomb in the railroad car.
That's what I saw. And that's why I saw
Santa Fe.
It was a railroad car, not an engine.
Yeah, there's a cross. There you go.
That's what I saw. I saw a
cross,
and there were white letters on
it.
It
said Santa Fe on this red—that's it
right there. But it was white letters.
It looked like white letters.
It wasn't yellow. It looked white,
but it was red—a red boxcar. And in that red
boxcar
was a device.
That's what I'm trying to tell, that's
what I was praying over. I could see in
that railroad car. And it was one
railroad car, and it was going from the
west like this
way, and it was going east.
It looked like it was going east, and it
was inside a railroad car.
That's it right there. But it was a
boxcar.
It was on the back end of it,
on the back end of a railroad
boxcar,
and it was on the back end just
like that one. Yep, just like that. It
was just like that,
but it was inside there.
Is that AI? No, that's real. That's what
it looked like in the vision when
I saw it. And it was white and it had
faded-out
letters. The
paint on the boxcar was
faded out
like it needed a paint job.
And I could see the
doors, and I could see there's something
inside that
boxcar.
When I was praying, I could see
there's something in that boxcar.
He
said, 'I'm not taking the care of
it. I roll the care off on
Him.'I
roll the care off on Him because He's
got this, He's working through
us, and we're going to get this done. You
know,
we got to pray over into the month of... we
get through the fourth, but we go
clearing, and I see September,
and it was highlighted. Pray over the
month of September. Pray over the month
of September. There's something about
September. September
football,
and it's starting to turn to fall.
He says, 'You have much work to do, but
I'll work through
you.'He
just said that.
'I love you, Lord.
We work together. I'll help you,
Father,
I always do. I love you, Lord.
We'll do our
best, Lord.
Everything is about to change.'He said,
'Remember this, everything will
change.'Well,
I pray this video blessed you
today. We have a lot of work to do. I
appreciate you being here, for many
hands make light work, and we appreciate
every single one of you being here
today. God bless you. If you could
subscribe,
subscribe, subscribe. I'm
believing
for a million people,
y'all—a
million men and women
army, all for the glory of God. It's not
about Brandon. I'm going to tell you, people,
I just want to finish my job. I want
to do it and do it right, and I
want to do this with all my might and to
the glory of the Lord.
Let's do this and get the job done, and
let's go home, for
Jesus'coming.
We pray this video blesses you. We pray
this channel blesses you. You come here
and you pray and you seek
Jesus'face
with us. He says, 'Brandon, lift your
head, for your redemption draws
nigh.'Jesus
is
coming. Hallelujah.
Well, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you and
we will see you again tomorrow. Bye-bye.